== jajNewsletter

Newsletter extension for eZ Publish

=== Features

=== Limitations

 * Don't expect anything to work right now
 * Lacks multilingual support

=== System Requirements

* eZ Publish 3.10 or 4.2
* premailer

== Installation

=== Extension

Enabled the extension through the eZ Publish administrator interface.

=== Premailer

Take a look at http://code.google.com/p/premailer/wiki/InstallingPremailer for the requirements.

   sudo gem install jajnewsletter/extras/premailer-1.5.1.gem

Test that you can run the premailer script in extension/jajnewsletter/bin/premailer, you might have to change where ruby resides in the first line.

=== Database

   mysql [database] -u [username] -p < jajnewsletter/sql/mysql/schema.sql

=== Content Class Package

Import the package(s) found in jajnewsletter/packages/

=== Content Structure

Create the following folder structure in your content tree:

   /Newsletter
   /Newsletter/Issues
   /Newsletter/Lists
   /Newsletter/Users

=== Section

Create a new section called Newsletter and assign the Newsletter folder to it.

=== INI Files

Edit the extension/jajnewsletter/settings/jajnewsletter.ini.append.php INI file.

NewsletterIssuesNode, SubscriptionListsNode and SubscriptionUsersNode should be set to the NodeIDs of the folders you just created.

BaseURI should be set to your primary public siteaccess url.

For example: http://www.yoursite.com or http://www.yoursite.com/index.php/eng

=== Permissions

The Anonymous role should be able to read Newsletter issues in the Newsletter section.

The newsletter administrator should have access to the administration function in the newsletter module.

=== Wrapping up

Clean the cache and you should have a new tab called Newsletter in the administrator interface.

== License

=== jajNewsletter

Copyright © 2009 by Jan Åge Johnsen. All rights reserved.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

See LICENSE file for more details.

=== Premailer gem

Premailer is copyrighted free software by Alex Dunae (http://dunae.ca).

Check out the Premailer web application at http://code.dunae.ca/premailer.web
